src/comics/little-tiny-things.md, before:

---

title: Pia & the Little Tiny Things

credits: Clover

site: https://www.littletinythings.com

start_page: https://www.littletinythings.com/comic/page-1

about_page: https://www.littletinythings.com/about

thumbnail: /img/TILE_LittleTinyThings.png

banner: /img/BANNER_Little-Tiny-Things_2400x600.jpg

cover: https://littletinythings.com/comics/1690874177-1.png

genre: 
  - drama
  - slice of life
  - contemporary

general_tags: 
  - black and white
  - lgbt
  - violence
  - nudity
  - cats

update_status: ongoing

other_works: Go Get a Roomie!

merch: 

support:
  - https://www.patreon.com/gogetaroomie

social: 
  - https://bsky.app/profile/clovercomics.bsky.social
  - https://cloverscomics.tumblr.com/
 
---

What are the little tiny things you enjoy, in your everyday life? What are the little tiny steps you take daily for a happier tomorrow? What are these little tiny critters crawling around your feet in the grass, so busy in their tasks?

Perhaps all these little tiny things aren't as insignificant as one would think.

Commit message:

Update to Little Tiny Things entry

src/comics/little-tiny-things.md, after:

---

title: Pia & the Little Tiny Things

credits: Clover

site: https://www.littletinythings.com

start_page: https://www.littletinythings.com/comic/page-1

about_page: https://www.littletinythings.com/about

thumbnail: /img/TILE_LittleTinyThings.png

banner: /img/BANNER_Little-Tiny-Things_2400x600.jpg

cover: https://littletinythings.com/comics/1690874177-1.png

genre: 
  - drama
  - slice of life
  - contemporary

general_tags: 
  - black and white
  - lgbt
  - nudity
  - cats

update_status: ongoing

other_works: Go Get a Roomie!

merch: 

support:
  - https://www.patreon.com/gogetaroomie
  - https://ko-fi.com/cloverscomics 

social: 
  - https://bsky.app/profile/clovercomics.bsky.social
  - https://cloverscomics.tumblr.com/
 
---

Pia finds themself living alone in the countryside. The good news is: bugs! The bad news is: it can get pretty lonely. Luckily, there are many neighbors to meet. All have their quirks and troubles, some more so than others.
And rumors go fast, in little towns…
